en/assetto-corsa-installation.md, before:

# Installation Instructions

---

## Install Content Manager
1. Download Content Manager (CM) from [assettocorsa.club](https://acstuff.ru/app/latest.zip).
2. Run the `Content Manager.exe` executable to install the software.

---

## How to install mods
1. Drag and drop the mod archive (.zip/.rar/.7z file) onto Content Manager (cursor should change when in correct place).
2. Top right of CM, click a green "burger button" (3 horizontal lines). Then click `Install` where it lists the mod.
3. Wait until installation completes!


## Install Custom Shaders Patch
1. Download Custom Shaders Patch (CSP) from [acstuff.ru](https://acstuff.ru/patch/?get=0.1.60) (version 0.1.60).
2. Install it as a mod `lights-patch-v0.1.60.zip` (see above).
3. Top right of CM, click `SETTINGS`.
4. Top left of CM, click `CUSTOM SHADERS PATCH`.
5. In this menu, CSP should now appear as installed (you can now configure its options here).
6. By default CSP auto-updates to the newest `recommended` version.

---

## Download and install mods
__For NASCAR:__
1. Download `EJRA NASCAR Pack` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V9PyZGIiGlIlUHpNCIUGr2aki5FRW1pe/view?usp=sharing) (161MB).
2. Download `EJRA Talladega` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xn7VehnWmTNBNoSvgv3MQLXI1B9MRAqx/view?usp=sharing) (20MB).
3. Download `Car Radar` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WIuSABrA-mefJI1GfibTMYnT4QwM6N7O/view?usp=sharing) (0.1MB).

__For road courses:__
1. Download `EJRA Track Pack NA` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n1387DfT3fJF23fq9dG5EqQmCa9liY86/view?usp=sharing) (2.84GB).
2. Download `OSRW Extended Pits` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m5lsExdaKg1vezcCIeCUqYJncfS9szfY/view?usp=sharing) (74MB).
3. Download `Formula RSS3 V6` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11FLQ9ZMcFR1qyoIDXRCeZBfghkk1q-eD/view?usp=sharing) (128MB).

---

### Set controls via Content Manager
1. Top right of CM, click `SETTINGS`.
2. Top left of CM, select `ASSETTO CORSA`.
2. Left menu, select `CONTROLS`.
3. Ensure the controller axis are bound.
    - **TIP:** You can save different control profiles!
4. Top left of CM, select `CONTENT MANAGER`.
5. Left menu, select `DRIVE`.
6. Under `AC-related events:`, ensure the `Automatically check and fix controllers order before the race` option is checked on!

## Verification and preparation
__To verify that you have the correct content installed:__
1. Go to start a quick race.
2. Verify that you can see `NASCAR Chevrolet Camaro Cup` and `NASCAR Ford Mustang Cup` and other mod cars in the car selection.
3. Verify that you can see `Talladega` and other mod tracks in the track selection.
4. Start any race.
5. Make sure your controller works as expected.
6. When in the race, click the `DRIVE` button on the left (steering wheel icon).
7. When in the car, mouse over to the right edge of the screen, an App Taskbar should appear.
8. From that taskbar select following apps: `Performance Delta`, `Race Position`, `Realtime`, `Tyres` and `carRadar`.
9. Position them as desired on the screen and lock them in place if needed (`carRadar` may be hard to find as it invisible unless hovered over).

Commit message:

Add optional setup steps (CrewChief)

en/assetto-corsa-installation.md, after:

# Installation Instructions

---

## Install Content Manager
1. Download Content Manager (CM) from [assettocorsa.club](https://acstuff.ru/app/latest.zip).
2. Run the `Content Manager.exe` executable to install the software.

---

## How to install mods
1. Drag and drop the mod archive (.zip/.rar/.7z file) onto Content Manager (cursor should change when in correct place).
2. Top right of CM, click a green "burger button" (3 horizontal lines). Then click `Install` where it lists the mod.
3. Wait until installation completes!


## Install Custom Shaders Patch
1. Download Custom Shaders Patch (CSP) from [acstuff.ru](https://acstuff.ru/patch/?get=0.1.60) (version 0.1.60).
2. Install it as a mod `lights-patch-v0.1.60.zip` (see above).
3. Top right of CM, click `SETTINGS`.
4. Top left of CM, click `CUSTOM SHADERS PATCH`.
5. In this menu, CSP should now appear as installed (you can now configure its options here).
6. By default CSP auto-updates to the newest `recommended` version.

---

## Download and install mods
__For NASCAR:__
1. Download `EJRA NASCAR Pack` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V9PyZGIiGlIlUHpNCIUGr2aki5FRW1pe/view?usp=sharing) (161MB).
2. Download `EJRA Talladega` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xn7VehnWmTNBNoSvgv3MQLXI1B9MRAqx/view?usp=sharing) (20MB).
3. Download `Car Radar` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WIuSABrA-mefJI1GfibTMYnT4QwM6N7O/view?usp=sharing) (0.1MB).

__For road courses:__
1. Download `EJRA Track Pack NA` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n1387DfT3fJF23fq9dG5EqQmCa9liY86/view?usp=sharing) (2.84GB).
2. Download `OSRW Extended Pits` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1m5lsExdaKg1vezcCIeCUqYJncfS9szfY/view?usp=sharing) (74MB).
3. Download `Lago Maggiore` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/196h5P_E2qnIzJI-Un1nxat6NQLGopa9F/view?usp=sharing) (220MB).
4. Download `Formula RSS3 V6` from [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11FLQ9ZMcFR1qyoIDXRCeZBfghkk1q-eD/view?usp=sharing) (128MB).

---

### Set controls via Content Manager
1. Top right of CM, click `SETTINGS`.
2. Top left of CM, select `ASSETTO CORSA`.
2. Left menu, select `CONTROLS`.
3. Ensure the controller axis are bound.
    - **TIP:** You can save different control profiles!
4. Top left of CM, select `CONTENT MANAGER`.
5. Left menu, select `DRIVE`.
6. Under `AC-related events:`, ensure the `Automatically check and fix controllers order before the race` option is checked on!

## Verification and preparation
__To verify that you have the correct content installed:__
1. Go to start a quick race.
2. Verify that you can see `NASCAR Chevrolet Camaro Cup` and `NASCAR Ford Mustang Cup` and other mod cars in the car selection.
3. Verify that you can see `Talladega` and other mod tracks in the track selection.
4. Start any race.
5. Make sure your controller works as expected.
6. When in the race, click the `DRIVE` button on the left (steering wheel icon).
7. When in the car, mouse over to the right edge of the screen, an App Taskbar should appear.
8. From that taskbar select following apps: `Performance Delta`, `Race Position`, `Realtime`, `Tyres` and `carRadar`.
9. Position them as desired on the screen and lock them in place if needed (`carRadar` may be hard to find as it invisible unless hovered over).
10. **From now on launch the game via Content Manager to start a singleplayer session or join a server!**

---

### Optional setup
__CrewChief:__
1. Download CrewChief from [thecrewchief.org](http://thecrewchief.org/forum.php).
2. Install the program and run it.
3. Let it install all the program and voice pack updates (might need several restarts).
4. In the top right corner choose your preferred name from the drop down list, preferred chief/spotter voices and select `Assetto Corsa (64bit)` from the `Game` list.
5. Click `Start application` before launching the game.
6. You should now hear your crew chief and spotter in-game.
