en/assetto-corsa-livery-info.md, before:

# Livery info
## Download car templates
Firstly, here's a spreadsheet with all the available and reserved car numbers. If you're going to use a custom livery please let me know and I'll reserve a number for you. It's first come, first serve as there's really no better way to do this.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VBlGMenDzSyw7FgVKSSwu8EjR8U9fzolCj8kF4WGozA/edit?usp=sharing

Secondly, livery templates are available for all 3 cars and linked below. They are .psd files and require Photoshop, [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/) or [Paint.NET](https://www.getpaint.net/) with a .psd plugin to open.
There are some layers that are not supposed to be touched (edited, hidden, etc.) and are required to be on the final design: all the Series sponsors, car brand/model stickers and controller device type (wheel or controller, leave the one you're using visible). If any help is required or you don't know how to make a livery but want one, please don't hesitate to ask.

Camaro: http://cosaofficial.pl/download/EJRA/camaro_skin.zip

Mustang: http://cosaofficial.pl/download/EJRA/mustang_skin.zip

Camry: http://cosaofficial.pl/download/EJRA/camry_skin.zip

### NOTE
In the future the number selection will be automated via the submission tab!

## Livery rules
- all skins must follow normal classy stream rules
- no politics
- no phallic images/names or anything of that nature
- number must be bold, stand out and readable from a distance
- no swearing
- no exceptions

### NOTE
- all liveries will go through approval
- livery update frequency is to be determined

Commit message:

Remove Camry template for now, readability/formatting improvements

en/assetto-corsa-livery-info.md, after:

# Livery info
## Livery templates
Firstly, here's a spreadsheet with all the available and reserved car numbers. If you're going to use a custom livery please let us know and we'll reserve a number for you. 
It's first come, first serve as there's really no better way to do this.

[Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VBlGMenDzSyw7FgVKSSwu8EjR8U9fzolCj8kF4WGozA/edit?usp=sharing)

Secondly, livery templates are available and linked below. These are .psd files and require Photoshop, [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/) or [Paint.NET](https://www.getpaint.net/) with a .psd plugin to open.
There are some layers that are not supposed to be touched (edited, hidden, etc.) and are required to be on the final design: all the series sponsors, car brand/model stickers and controller device type (wheel or controller, leave the one you're using visible). If any help is required or you don't know how to make a livery but want one, please don't hesitate to ask.

NASCAR Camaro: http://cosaofficial.pl/download/EJRA/camaro_skin.zip

NASCAR Mustang: http://cosaofficial.pl/download/EJRA/mustang_skin.zip

---

# Livery rules
- all skins must follow normal classy stream rules
- no politics
- no phallic images/names or anything of that nature
- number must be bold, stand out and readable from a distance
- no swearing
- no exceptions

### NOTE
- all liveries will go through approval
- livery update frequency is to be determined
