en/resource-reads.md, before:

# EJ_SA Recommended Reads

## Contribute!
Create a pull request on GitHub [here](https://github.com/eric-johnson-space-administration/ejsa-website-locale/blob/master/en/resource-reads.md)


## Books
The links below go to amazon affiliate pages, a small portion of your purchase will go towards supporting the stream.

[Fundamentals of Aerospace](https://ejsa.io/foad)

[Michael Collins: Carrying The Fire](https://amzn.to/3cfO5Kx)

[Gene Kranz: Failure Is Not an Option](https://amzn.to/3cdeoks)

[Von Braun: Dreamer of Space, Engineer of War](https://amzn.to/2S4uPZu)

[Neil Armstrong: A Life Of Flight - Jay Barbree](https://amzn.to/2TtE6dQ)

[Beyond The Known: How Exploration Created the Modern World and Will Take Us to the Stars](https://amzn.to/2S7T215)

[The Vagabonds: The Story of Henry Ford and Thomas Edison's Ten-Year Road Trip](https://amzn.to/34GpDxB)

[Walt Disney and The Promise of Progress City](https://amzn.to/34GpXMP)

[Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future](https://amzn.to/3g8N8EX)

[Belichick: The Making of the Greatest Football Coach of All Time](https://amzn.to/3uFo9hG)

## Technical Documents
[PDFs]

## Technical Diagrams
[Images (not photos)]

Commit message:

Added 3 books
Added 3 books at bottom of list, all amazon links but not affiliate codes

en/resource-reads.md, after:

# EJ_SA Recommended Reads

## Contribute!
Create a pull request on GitHub [here](https://github.com/eric-johnson-space-administration/ejsa-website-locale/blob/master/en/resource-reads.md)


## Books
The links below go to amazon affiliate pages, a small portion of your purchase will go towards supporting the stream.

[Fundamentals of Aerospace](https://ejsa.io/foad)

[Michael Collins: Carrying The Fire](https://amzn.to/3cfO5Kx)

[Gene Kranz: Failure Is Not an Option](https://amzn.to/3cdeoks)

[Von Braun: Dreamer of Space, Engineer of War](https://amzn.to/2S4uPZu)

[Neil Armstrong: A Life Of Flight - Jay Barbree](https://amzn.to/2TtE6dQ)

[Beyond The Known: How Exploration Created the Modern World and Will Take Us to the Stars](https://amzn.to/2S7T215)

[The Vagabonds: The Story of Henry Ford and Thomas Edison's Ten-Year Road Trip](https://amzn.to/34GpDxB)

[Walt Disney and The Promise of Progress City](https://amzn.to/34GpXMP)

[Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future](https://amzn.to/3g8N8EX)

[Belichick: The Making of the Greatest Football Coach of All Time](https://amzn.to/3uFo9hG)

(The following links are not affilitate links)
[Apollo: The Behind-the-Scenes Story of one of Humankind's Greatest Achievements](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0976000806/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)

[Apollo 13](https://www.amazon.com/Apollo-13-Jim-Lovell/dp/0618619585/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=1622675701&sr=1-2)

[Saturn V Flight Manual](https://www.amazon.com/Saturn-Flight-National-Aeronautics-Administration/dp/1945701129/ref=sr_1_2?crid=1YBP3OQCJ1FMM&dchild=1&keywords=saturn+v+flight+manual&qid=1622675767&s=books&sprefix=Saturn+V+flight%2Cstripbooks%2C129&sr=1-2)

[How to Build a Car](https://www.amazon.com/How-Build-Car-Autobiography-Greatest/dp/000819680X/ref=tmm_hrd_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=1622675933&sr=1-1)

## Technical Documents
[PDFs]

## Technical Diagrams
[Images (not photos)]
